- [Instructor] In this next video,
we're going to build out a post endpoint
to create a new room reservation
representing a document in MongoDB.
Let's navigate to Intellij,
and let's create a new public method
that returns a Mono
that emits a string.
We will change this to reservation later.
Let's name the method CreateReservation.
Let's accept a Mono that emits a reservation
as a method parameter.
Then, let's add in the RequestBody annotation.
This annotation will deserialize
a JSON RequestBody into a reservation object.
Let's add in a PostMapping annotation.
Let's set the path to an empty string.
Let's set produces = MediaType
APPLICATON_JSON_UTF8_VALUE.
Now, let's set consumes to that same value.
This indicates that this endpoint
will use the base string RequestMapping.
It will produce a JSON response.
It also expect a JSON RequestBody.
For now, let's just return a empty JSON string.
Let's type in return
Mono
.just
passing in a string literal of curly braces.
Let's restart our application.
Then, let's use a tool called Postman
to test our post endpoint.
You could download the tool at getpostman.com.
Okay, let's grab our URI.
I have Postman installed locally already.
So go ahead and open up Postman
when you download and install it.
Let's go ahead and type in localhost8080.
Then, type in our RequestMapping
room/v1/reservation.
Let's change it a post request,
and then let's set the RequestBody.
Click the raw radio button.
Then, click on the drop-down and pick JSON.
Now, let's manually create a reservation JSON.
Let's create a field called roomNumber,
using camel-case, and let's enter
in the room number 123.
Then, let's create a string field called checkIn.
Now, let's add a string field called checkOut
and, finally, let's add a field called price.
Lastly, press Send.
Looks like we've got a 200 OK,
and our expected response.